now this is us going hey we're getting
ready to go out the West prom trail and
the Great Smoky Mountains going to spin
the night at campsite 18 and see if
these hammocks are as good as they say
they are for old people because I'm an
old man but I'm out here with a couple
of young bucks but we're going to do
some hammock camping so i'll let you
know how it works out
I'm sure let up soon this nearly little
water
you
well
campsite 18 we're just a little wet but
it's all good who's trying to find a
bunch of trees together to string up our
hammock village here maybe get a little
fire going put some good wet firewood
get us something to eat
all
write it in we may think about this
well it's coming together now we did the
before tree method right three tarps for
trees three hammocks right yeah that's
pretty comfortable there right me I'm
pretty comfortable here he just looks
wet but but he's loving it he's loving
so we're going to tweak this out a
little bit and and then eat some greasy
food
oh yes this is more like it
you
and a good healthy supper mashed
potatoes and chicken and stir fry stuff
what you got over there teriyaki chicken
and rice yep the good lot let's warm
sand bone appetit
you
well we made it tonight there is
definitely a learning curve and sleeping
in a sleeping bag and a hammock but all
in all it beats sleeping on the ground
now we're going to get a little
breakfast going and get out of here
and
little spam and eggs and some sausage
and eggs
just mainly if it moves we're cooking it
going to have some hash browns this
morning turned out to be a pretty nice
morning but like i said it's definitely
a learning curve to sleeping in a
sleeping bag in a hammock and ODB f over
here has determined that you need more
than just a blanket when you're sleeping
in the mountains even in the summer he
got a little cool which son found that
out last time he came so he gave me a
heads-up to make sure i bring a sleeping
bag but it's all good
and all in all a successful camping trip
now we just have to hike out and go home
now
and we're out all in all it was a good
time spent with the Son and the
daughters boyfriend panics well they're
good for some things and not good for
others but beats sitting sleeping on the
ground when you're an old man
you